- Talking to people all through [[LabWeek22]] about [[w3 accounts]] I have noticed following use cases
	- I like that user can bring their own storage so my product can just store the data and not worry about account creation etc...
	- I already have users and would prefer to avoid going through another registration flow, I would prefer to just pay for their usage.
	- I want to let our partners store public goods and have various companies take care of the storage costs.
- All of these cases seem to have one thing in common, actor storing the data is different from the actor paying for the data. In some cases there is coordinating actor between ones that store and pay, specifically it manages which actors will be given store access.
- w3.storage already decouples account where data is stored from billing. General idea is that agent can purchase (or claim) a "product" and add it to an account increasing it's capacity. In fact that is how new users can get a free space, they claim a "voucher" in exchange for the "email" address and get back UCAN delegation from w3.storage allowing them to add "free-tier" product to account of their choosing. Once "free-tier" is added account capacity is increased allowing account owner to store data in it.
- Our "free-tier" product is another example of actor storing been different from actor paying for storage. Our users that register are actors storing and web3.storage service is an actor paying for that storage.
- It seems that we just need to generalize this a bit more so that others could create their own "products" like our "free-tier" that they can give to others as they see fit. For example [[webrecorder]] should be able to create their own product called "webrecorder-tier" which they will be billed for using custom pricing scheme. Then they could delegate "product/install" capability to their users in whatever way it makes sense. Users could then store data into their own accounts with "webrocerdor-tier" enabled and everyone will get billed according to data stored.
- Only missing piece of the puzzle seems to be a way of tagging data stored, so that [[webrecorder]] is not billed for unrelated data that user stores. Perhaps this could be as simple as tagging `store/add` requests with a "webrecorder-tier" tag.
- On the other hand [[webrecorder]] could instead share store capabilities to their account instead. That way there is no need to create "webrecorder-tier" product or install it, but on flipside it harms user experience because data is suddenly scattered across various accounts and something needs to maintain accesses to all of them.
- It seems like we need some